Hail guys, everyone is fine.
to the fishing channel or to the
video of today we will make a
shrimp indicator only indicator
tunado good in my case the comrades
fishing but I use this heat to here
climb chicken fillet to fish
piapara and curimba will need a
bait
you take a stuck bait a bait
busted you have this is a new bait
only it is a ladder that came from china is
very good, this bait is not right
A handle nothing is a good quiet because
You no longer need if I have it here.
two laughs
it's them you can use between eight and nine
centimeters but will depend on the shrimp
that you use as the exclusive use
for fillet of chicken does not have to be
very big are you studying here?
finds if wire is one millimeter and
mail only what I think is nice beyond
be of nox it is really quite rigid and
not a normal wire is an area of
solder and uses it to weld to a weld
flame tig this one finds in store of
tool wrenches where it sells
products for welding
Can you buy a cow had come a
metro you can do countless things
This is a minute and a half right here.
So you do not need 2 I got one.
bit here of two pieces of box
and one very important thing is the
Next this bait is you will need
cut a piece here from the back
her to put her two
wires and what happens
The more commands you can see
economic
so the more you cut is up
here for the bigger bait is going to be the hole
Then what happens to you?
will have a distance between these two
wires here the two major safeguards
one farther from the other
What happens to you, you'll be able to
put bigger ambitions as a fishing
of a sink is very small
So I do not need to go far to here.
top of what I'm going to cut to a
centimeter
so I'll give you an opening of 2 or
3mm but will cut to
little for you not to lose your
So I'll cut it with a sawdust
I'll mix the powder mix xxi
and then we'll come back and stick it here
Beauty, I'll take it, I'll have to stay.
serrinha was not very smooth here stayed
a burr then I can take it out here with
The little skull and the beauty that we
will next step to do your part of
drilling I'll get a drill bit and 45
and I'll make a hole you can
handle with pliers so you can
protect or with a glove is best not
I already made a small hole there to
to score and now I'm just going to pass the drill
biggest ever made fury for the two
the two stems here to enter here and
Then I'll find a distance that the
people are going to make an interesting deal
that we can be doing here or
with one with a line something or
it may be until you close the tips
here o
You shave two balls well
so little I think a
ideal quantity and here I made do I did
a tip on them you can use a sandpaper
something like this takes longer but it gives
to do with the trash too and now I'm going
put it here in his account and
I want to
the space
so I'm going to push him here oh
leave room here to produce sounds
that I use such quite then here in the
end should have an opening of the two
mm let dry
That's the tip of the shrimp indicator.
good chicken indicator as well
custom
another option for those who do not have
want to use bait is to do with the antenna with
a disc with an antenna
It's very cool.
Then I got two little feet.
cap or wearing on ped chair placed
here o
gets a skier profession is also well
nice, well done with everything for
able to climb the shrimp ska the fillet
chicken put super bonder u the same
thing then I'm good here must have some
eight millimeters in diameter whoever you want
use easier to find a good time
or use that scale and beauty
folks
I hope you have enjoyed this
video I 'm going to stay here and even
next
thanks